Python Developer
JPS Tech Solutions - Remote

 
The following items were sent to JPS Tech Solutions. Good Luck!

Application
Resume


Backend Developer-Python
enxcl Business Solutions Pvt Ltd - Remote

 
The following items were sent to enxcl Business Solutions Pvt Ltd. Good Luck!

Application
Resume


FG strengthens fiscal management with revised cash policy
The Federal Government has reaffirmed its commitment to sound fiscal management and economic sustainability by implementing the revised Cash Management Policy and Bottom-Up Cash Planning protocols.

This is according to a press statement on Monday by the Director of Information and Public Relations at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Mohammed Manga.

The statement noted that the Minister of State for Finance, Dr Doris Uzoka-Anite, made this known at the Stakeholders Review Meeting on implementing the policy in Abuja.

According to the statement, she said the revised framework represents a significant step towards enhancing fiscal discipline, improving budget execution, and fostering greater transparency in public financial management.

isdphilippines.com
staffhouse.com
edistaffbuilders.com
unoph.com requires 6 months experience
unistaff.us
fvj-phil.com suspended

boss@Datron24

Nigeria strengthens economic ties with Germany to boost investment, jobs

The Federal Government of Nigeria is strengthening its ties with Germany to promote foreign direct investment and stimulate economic growth.

The Minister of Industry, Trade, and Investment, Dr Jumoke Oduwole, disclosed this on Tuesday while welcoming a delegation from the IHK Giessen-Friedberg Chambers of Commerce and Industry of Germany.

The delegation’s visit aims to enhance Nigeria’s economic relations with Germany and explore opportunities for investment and job creation, particularly in vocational training, skilled migration, and business development.

Addressing the delegation, Oduwole emphasised the alignment between the German initiatives and the ministry’s priorities.

I am seeking a job in the philippines through recruiters. I will like you to draft an introduction email telling the company of my skills in tech. State in your letter that my CV  will be attached to the email. Scan through the CV aid your letter writing. Email should be addressed to STAFF HOUSE recruiters. Here's their website www.staffhouse.com

Wisdom Enefiok

LinkedIn   linkedin.com/in/wisdom-otoobong-enefiok-596406335                                                  							   
GitHub	https:/github.com/wisdomdaphoenix
	
Email iconsoftwarepoint@tutamail.com                    						  
Phone   Available upon request

Location             
Open to relocation to the Philippines
   
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
I found your profile. I hope my note finds you well. I am a Data Analyst, Software Developer with 5+ years of experience in Python, Docker, SQL, NoSQL
(MongoDB), Data Analytics, and Web Development. Adept at delivering data-driven insights, managing IT security, and developing scalable web/software solutions. Would these skills be helpful in finding a job in the Philippines ?  I have led technical training programs and seeking to contribute technical expertise to a dynamic team in the Philippines. Open to Relocate. Can we chat more or would you prefer to view my profile ?

NCC, CBN, FIRS, THE TELECOMS (MTN and co.)
BANKS



